feat: Adding secrets documentation (#1735)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/pipelines/security/secrets.md

The current design in Pipelines is to minimize the number of secrets that have to be used, and to leverage ephemeral
credentials whenever possible. This is done to minimize the risk of long lived secrets being leaked, and to make it
easier to rotate secrets when necessary.

The only long lived credentials that you are required to create, rotate and maintain to use Pipelines are the
credentials used to authenticate as your [GitHub Machine users](./machine-users.mdx). We are constantly looking for ways
to improve the security posture of Pipelines, and are actively working on ways to reduce even this minimal requirement.

## Authenticating With GitHub

To authenticate with GitHub, Pipelines uses [Personal Access Tokens (PATs)](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens) to authenticate as GitHub Machine Users to interact with the GitHub API. You can learn more about how these tokens are created and managed in the [Machine Users](./machine-users.mdx) documentation.

## Authenticating With AWS

At a minimum, Pipelines also needs to authenticate with AWS. It does not do so with long lived credentials, however.

> Instead, it leverages [OIDC to authenticate with AWS](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services) as a particular git reference on a particular repository to assume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, it leverages [OIDC to authenticate with AWS](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/deployment/security-hardening-your-deployments/configuring-openid-connect-in-amazon-web-services).  OIDC allows for an authenticated relationship to be defined between a particular git reference in a particular repository with a particular role in AWS, allowing pipelines to assume a role simply by virtue of where that pipeline is run. 
```

> a role in AWS that trusts role assumptions from that context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Looking at CloudFlare documentation, there are multiple methods of authenticating the CloudFlare provider, including the
use of the [api_token](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/cloudflare/cloudflare/latest/docs#api_key) field in the `provider` block, as shown in the documentation:

```hcl
generate "cloudflare_provider" {
  path      = "cloudflare-provider.tf"
  if_exists = "overwrite_terragrunt"
  contents  = <<EOF
provider "cloudflare" {
  api_token = var.cloudflare_api_token
}
EOF
}
```

Populating this `var.cloudflare_api_token` for the provider requires having a `variable "cloudflare_api_token" {}`
block in a `.tf` file that is checked into the repository, and setting the `TF_VAR_cloudflare_api_token` environment
variable set to the value of the CloudFlare API token. The easiest way to do this is to leverage the `inputs` value
in `terragrunt.hcl` files to set the value of the `cloudflare_api_token` variable to the value
of the `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`

```hcl
inputs = {
  cloudflare_api_token = "${run_cmd("--terragrunt-non-interactive", "./fetch-cloudflare-api-token.sh")}"
}
```

:::note

> Here, `fetch-cloudflare-api-token.sh` is a script that fetches the CloudFlare API token from a secret store and prints it to stdout.

Reviewer: I wonder if we might recommend a best practice, something like Murmur, to allow platform engineers to specify a list of secret locations they want in source control, and pipelines auto-fetches them and maps them to env.  Something like https://github.com/busser/murmur.
